1. Creation of a virtual environment (Done)
2. Installation of dependencies in the virtual environment (Done)
3. Creation of a local database named 'Capstone_FSND_db' (Done)
4. Creation of a local database named 'Capstone_FSND_db_test' (Done)
5. Creation of the secrets to access the database (Done)
6. Addition of git ignore (Done)
6. Creation of a minimal models.py (Done)
7. Creation of a minimal app.py running (Done)
8. Creation of class 'Movies' (Done)
9. Creation of class 'Actors' (Done)
10. Creation of the database, creation of script for that (Done)
11. Population of the database, update of the script for that (Done)
12. Creation of a migration script (Done)
13. Creation of the endpoint GET actors (Done) 
14. Creation of the endpoint GET movies (Done)
15. Creation of the endpoint DELETE /movies (Done)
16. Creation of the endpoint DELETE /actors (Done)
17. Creation of the endpoint POST /movies (Done)
18. Creation of the endpoint POST /actors (Done)
19. Creation of the endpoint PATCH /movies (Done)
20. Creation of the endpoint PATCH /actors (Done)
21. Creation of the infrastructure code to handle jwt tokens (Done)
22. Creation of the permissions based on the API's (Done)
23. Creation of the Roles (Done)
24. Assignment of the permissions to the different roles (Done)
25. Test of the token for the different permissions based on the different roles (Done)
26. Creation of a testing database (Done)
27. Creation a success behavior and failure for the endpoint get:movies (Done)
28. Creation a success behavior and failure for the endpoint get:actors (Done)
29. Creation a success behavior and failure for the endpoint get:movie (Done)
30. Creation a success behavior and failure for the endpoint get:actor (Done)
31. Creation a success behavior and failure for the endpoint delete:movie (Done)
32. Creation a success behavior and failure for the endpoint delete:actor (Done)
33. Creation a success behavior and failure for the endpoint post:movie (Done)
34. Creation a success behavior and failure for the endpoint post:actor (Done)
35. Creation a success behavior and failure for the endpoint patch:movie (Done)
36. Creation a success behavior and failure for the endpoint patch:actor (Done)
37. At least two tests of RBAC for the role Casting Assistante (Done)
38. At least two tests of RBAC for the role Casting Director (Done)
39. At least two tests of RBAC for the role Executive Director (Done)




